 greater things than these. 

John 1:51 --> And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man. 

John 10:1 --> Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that entereth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbeth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber. 

John 10:2 --> But he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. 

John 10:3 --> To him the porter openeth; and the sheep hear his voice: and he calleth his own sheep by name, and leadeth them out. 

John 10:4 --> And when he putteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him: for they know his voice. 

John 10:5 --> And a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him: for they know not the voice of strangers. 

John 10:6 --> This parable spake Jesus unto them: but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them. 

John 10:7 --> Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep. 

John 10:8 --> All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers: but the sheep did not hear them. 

John 10:9 --> I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture. 

John 10:10 --> The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly. 

John 10:11 --> I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. 

John 10:12 --> But he that is an hireling, and not the shepherd, whose own the sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and fleeth: and the wolf catcheth them, and scattereth the sheep. 

John 10:13 --> The hireling fleeth, because he is an hireling, and careth not for the sheep. 

John 10:14 --> I am the good shepherd, and know my sheep, and am known of mine. 

John 10:15 --> As the Father knoweth me, even so know I the Father: and I lay down my life for the sheep. 

John 10:16 --> And other sheep I have, which are not of this fold: them also I must bring, and they shall hear my voice; and there shall be one fold, and one shepherd. 

John 10:17 --> Therefore doth my Father love me, because I lay down my life, that I might take it again. 

John 10:18 --> No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my Father. 

John 10:19 --> There was a division therefore again among the Jews for these sayings. 

John 10:20 --> And many of them said, He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him? 

John 10:21 --> Others said, These are not the words of him that hath a devil. Can a devil open the eyes of the blind? 

John 10:22 --> And it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication, and it was winter. 

John 10:23 -->