d. 

John 11:33 --> When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews also weeping which came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled. 

John 11:34 --> And said, Where have ye laid him? They said unto him, Lord, come and see. 

John 11:35 --> Jesus wept. 

John 11:36 --> Then said the Jews, Behold how he loved him! 

John 11:37 --> And some of them said, Could not this man, which opened the eyes of the blind, have caused that even this man should not have died? 

John 11:38 --> Jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the grave. It was a cave, and a stone lay upon it. 

John 11:39 --> Jesus said, Take ye away the stone. Martha, the sister of him that was dead, saith unto him, Lord, by this time he stinketh: for he hath been dead four days. 

John 11:40 --> Jesus saith unto her, Said I not unto thee, that, if thou wouldest believe, thou shouldest see the glory of God? 

John 11:41 --> Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank thee that thou hast heard me. 

John 11:42 --> And I knew that thou hearest me always: but because of the people which stand by I said it, that they may believe that thou hast sent me. 

John 11:43 --> And when he thus had spoken, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come forth. 

John 11:44 --> And he that was dead came forth, bound hand and foot with graveclothes: and his face was bound about with a napkin. Jesus saith unto them, Loose him, and let him go. 

John 11:45 --> Then many of the Jews which came to Mary, and had seen the things which Jesus did, believed on him. 

John 11:46 --> But some of them went their ways to the Pharisees, and told them what things Jesus had done. 

John 11:47 --> Then gathered the chief priests and the Pharisees a council, and said, What do we? for this man doeth many miracles. 

John 11:48 --> If we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation. 

John 11:49 --> And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all, 

John 11:50 --> Nor consider that it is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not. 

John 11:51 --> And this spake he not of himself: but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation; 

John 11:52 --> And not for that nation only, but that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad. 

John 11:53 --> Then from that day forth they took counsel together for to put him to death. 

John 11:54 --> Jesus therefore walked no more openly among the Jews; but went thence unto a country near to the wilderness, into a city called Ephraim, and there continued with his disciples. 

John 11:55 --> And the Jews' passover was nigh at hand: