 and many went out of the country up to Jerusalem before the passover, to purify themselves. 

John 11:56 --> Then sought they for Jesus, and spake among themselves, as they stood in the temple, What think ye, that he will not come to the feast? 

John 11:57 --> Now both the chief priests and the Pharisees had given a commandment, that, if any man knew where he were, he should shew it, that they might take him. 

John 12:1 --> Then Jesus six days before the passover came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, which had been dead, whom he raised from the dead. 

John 12:2 --> There they made him a supper; and Martha served: but Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him. 

John 12:3 --> Then took Mary a pound of ointment of spikenard, very costly, and anointed the feet of Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair: and the house was filled with the odour of the ointment. 

John 12:4 --> Then saith one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, which should betray him, 

John 12:5 --> Why was not this ointment sold for three hundred pence, and given to the poor? 

John 12:6 --> This he said, not that he cared for the poor; but because he was a thief, and had the bag, and bare what was put therein. 

John 12:7 --> Then said Jesus, Let her alone: against the day of my burying hath she kept this. 

John 12:8 --> For the poor always ye have with you; but me ye have not always. 

John 12:9 --> Much people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there: and they came not for Jesus' sake only, but that they might see Lazarus also, whom he had raised from the dead. 

John 12:10 --> But the chief priests consulted that they might put Lazarus also to death; 

John 12:11 --> Because that by reason of him many of the Jews went away, and believed on Jesus. 

John 12:12 --> On the next day much people that were come to the feast, when they heard that Jesus was coming to Jerusalem, 

John 12:13 --> Took branches of palm trees, and went forth to meet him, and cried, Hosanna: Blessed is the King of Israel that cometh in the name of the Lord. 

John 12:14 --> And Jesus, when he had found a young ass, sat thereon; as it is written, 

John 12:15 --> Fear not, daughter of Sion: behold, thy King cometh, sitting on an ass's colt. 

John 12:16 --> These things understood not his disciples at the first: but when Jesus was glorified, then remembered they that these things were written of him, and that they had done these things unto him. 

John 12:17 --> The people therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of his grave, and raised him from the dead, bare record. 

John 12:18 --> For this cause the people also met him, for that they heard that he had done this miracle. 

John 12:19 --> The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, Perceive ye how ye prevail nothing? behold, the world is gone after him. 

John 12:20 --> And there were certain Greeks among them 