that came up to worship at the feast: 

John 12:21 --> The same came therefore to Philip, which was of Bethsaida of Galilee, and desired him, saying, Sir, we would see Jesus. 

John 12:22 --> Philip cometh and telleth Andrew: and again Andrew and Philip tell Jesus. 

John 12:23 --> And Jesus answered them, saying, The hour is come, that the Son of man should be glorified. 

John 12:24 --> Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone: but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit. 

John 12:25 --> He that loveth his life shall lose it; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal. 

John 12:26 --> If any man serve me, let him follow me; and where I am, there shall also my servant be: if any man serve me, him will my Father honour. 

John 12:27 --> Now is my soul troubled; and what shall I say? Father, save me from this hour: but for this cause came I unto this hour. 

John 12:28 --> Father, glorify thy name. Then came there a voice from heaven, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again. 

John 12:29 --> The people therefore, that stood by, and heard it, said that it thundered: others said, An angel spake to him. 

John 12:30 --> Jesus answered and said, This voice came not because of me, but for your sakes. 

John 12:31 --> Now is the judgment of this world: now shall the prince of this world be cast out. 

John 12:32 --> And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me. 

John 12:33 --> This he said, signifying what death he should die. 

John 12:34 --> The people answered him, We have heard out of the law that Christ abideth for ever: and how sayest thou, The Son of man must be lifted up? who is this Son of man? 

John 12:35 --> Then Jesus said unto them, Yet a little while is the light with you. Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you: for he that walketh in darkness knoweth not whither he goeth. 

John 12:36 --> While ye have light, believe in the light, that ye may be the children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did hide himself from them. 

John 12:37 --> But though he had done so many miracles before them, yet they believed not on him: 

John 12:38 --> That the saying of Esaias the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spake, Lord, who hath believed our report? and to whom hath the arm of the Lord been revealed? 

John 12:39 --> Therefore they could not believe, because that Esaias said again, 

John 12:40 --> He hath blinded their eyes, and hardened their heart; that they should not see with their eyes, nor understand with their heart, and be converted, and I should heal them. 

John 12:41 --> These things said Esaias, when he saw his glory, and spake of him. 

John 12:42 --> Nevertheless among the chief rulers also many believed on him; but because of the Pharisees they did not confes