s him, lest they should be put out of the synagogue: 

John 12:43 --> For they loved the praise of men more than the praise of God. 

John 12:44 --> Jesus cried and said, He that believeth on me, believeth not on me, but on him that sent me. 

John 12:45 --> And he that seeth me seeth him that sent me. 

John 12:46 --> I am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness. 

John 12:47 --> And if any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. 

John 12:48 --> He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day. 

John 12:49 --> For I have not spoken of myself; but the Father which sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak. 

John 12:50 --> And I know that his commandment is life everlasting: whatsoever I speak therefore, even as the Father said unto me, so I speak. 

John 13:1 --> Now before the feast of the passover, when Jesus knew that his hour was come that he should depart out of this world unto the Father, having loved his own which were in the world, he loved them unto the end. 

John 13:2 --> And supper being ended, the devil having now put into the heart of Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, to betray him; 

John 13:3 --> Jesus knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he was come from God, and went to God; 

John 13:4 --> He riseth from supper, and laid aside his garments; and took a towel, and girded himself. 

John 13:5 --> After that he poureth water into a bason, and began to wash the disciples' feet, and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded. 

John 13:6 --> Then cometh he to Simon Peter: and Peter saith unto him, Lord, dost thou wash my feet? 

John 13:7 --> Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do thou knowest not now; but thou shalt know hereafter. 

John 13:8 --> Peter saith unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered him, If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me. 

John 13:9 --> Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. 

John 13:10 --> Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash his feet, but is clean every whit: and ye are clean, but not all. 

John 13:11 --> For he knew who should betray him; therefore said he, Ye are not all clean. 

John 13:12 --> So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garments, and was set down again, he said unto them, Know ye what I have done to you? 

John 13:13 --> Ye call me Master and Lord: and ye say well; for so I am. 

John 13:14 --> If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet; ye also ought to wash one another's feet. 

John 13:15 --> For I have given you an example, that ye should do as I have done to you. 

John 13:16 -->