d make our abode with him. 

John 14:24 --> He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings: and the word which ye hear is not mine, but the Father's which sent me. 

John 14:25 --> These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. 

John 14:26 --> But the Comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things, and bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said unto you. 

John 14:27 --> Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid. 

John 14:28 --> Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again unto you. If ye loved me, ye would rejoice, because I said, I go unto the Father: for my Father is greater than I. 

John 14:29 --> And now I have told you before it come to pass, that, when it is come to pass, ye might believe. 

John 14:30 --> Hereafter I will not talk much with you: for the prince of this world cometh, and hath nothing in me. 

John 14:31 --> But that the world may know that I love the Father; and as the Father gave me commandment, even so I do. Arise, let us go hence. 

John 15:1 --> I am the true vine, and my Father is the husbandman. 

John 15:2 --> Every branch in me that beareth not fruit he taketh away: and every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. 

John 15:3 --> Now ye are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. 

John 15:4 --> Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself, except it abide in the vine; no more can ye, except ye abide in me. 

John 15:5 --> I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing. 

John 15:6 --> If a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch, and is withered; and men gather them, and cast them into the fire, and they are burned. 

John 15:7 --> If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you. 

John 15:8 --> Herein is my Father glorified, that ye bear much fruit; so shall ye be my disciples. 

John 15:9 --> As the Father hath loved me, so have I loved you: continue ye in my love. 

John 15:10 --> If ye keep my commandments, ye shall abide in my love; even as I have kept my Father's commandments, and abide in his love. 

John 15:11 --> These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full. 

John 15:12 --> This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you. 

John 15:13 --> Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends. 

John 15:14 --> Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you. 

John 15:15 --> Henceforth I call you not servants; for the servant knoweth not what his lord doe