th: but I have called you friends; for all things that I have heard of my Father I have made known unto you. 

John 15:16 --> Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you, and ordained you, that ye should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain: that whatsoever ye shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you. 

John 15:17 --> These things I command you, that ye love one another. 

John 15:18 --> If the world hate you, ye know that it hated me before it hated you. 

John 15:19 --> If ye were of the world, the world would love his own: but because ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you. 

John 15:20 --> Remember the word that I said unto you, The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you; if they have kept my saying, they will keep yours also. 

John 15:21 --> But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake, because they know not him that sent me. 

John 15:22 --> If I had not come and spoken unto them, they had not had sin: but now they have no cloak for their sin. 

John 15:23 --> He that hateth me hateth my Father also. 

John 15:24 --> If I had not done among them the works which none other man did, they had not had sin: but now have they both seen and hated both me and my Father. 

John 15:25 --> But this cometh to pass, that the word might be fulfilled that is written in their law, They hated me without a cause. 

John 15:26 --> But when the Comforter is come, whom I will send unto you from the Father, even the Spirit of truth, which proceedeth from the Father, he shall testify of me: 

John 15:27 --> And ye also shall bear witness, because ye have been with me from the beginning. 

John 16:1 --> These things have I spoken unto you, that ye should not be offended. 

John 16:2 --> They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service. 

John 16:3 --> And these things will they do unto you, because they have not known the Father, nor me. 

John 16:4 --> But these things have I told you, that when the time shall come, ye may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, because I was with you. 

John 16:5 --> But now I go my way to him that sent me; and none of you asketh me, Whither goest thou? 

John 16:6 --> But because I have said these things unto you, sorrow hath filled your heart. 

John 16:7 --> Nevertheless I tell you the truth; It is expedient for you that I go away: for if I go not away, the Comforter will not come unto you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you. 

John 16:8 --> And when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment: 

John 16:9 --> Of sin, because they believe not on me; 

John 16:10 --> Of righteousness, becaus