e I go to my Father, and ye see me no more; 

John 16:11 --> Of judgment, because the prince of this world is judged. 

John 16:12 --> I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now. 

John 16:13 --> Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come. 

John 16:14 --> He shall glorify me: for he shall receive of mine, and shall shew it unto you. 

John 16:15 --> All things that the Father hath are mine: therefore said I, that he shall take of mine, and shall shew it unto you. 

John 16:16 --> A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me, because I go to the Father. 

John 16:17 --> Then said some of his disciples among themselves, What is this that he saith unto us, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me: and, Because I go to the Father? 

John 16:18 --> They said therefore, What is this that he saith, A little while? we cannot tell what he saith. 

John 16:19 --> Now Jesus knew that they were desirous to ask him, and said unto them, Do ye enquire among yourselves of that I said, A little while, and ye shall not see me: and again, a little while, and ye shall see me? 

John 16:20 --> Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and lament, but the world shall rejoice: and ye shall be sorrowful, but your sorrow shall be turned into joy. 

John 16:21 --> A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is come: but as soon as she is delivered of the child, she remembereth no more the anguish, for joy that a man is born into the world. 

John 16:22 --> And ye now therefore have sorrow: but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you. 

John 16:23 --> And in that day ye shall ask me nothing. Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whatsoever ye shall ask the Father in my name, he will give it you. 

John 16:24 --> Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall receive, that your joy may be full. 

John 16:25 --> These things have I spoken unto you in proverbs: but the time cometh, when I shall no more speak unto you in proverbs, but I shall shew you plainly of the Father. 

John 16:26 --> At that day ye shall ask in my name: and I say not unto you, that I will pray the Father for you: 

John 16:27 --> For the Father himself loveth you, because ye have loved me, and have believed that I came out from God. 

John 16:28 --> I came forth from the Father, and am come into the world: again, I leave the world, and go to the Father. 

John 16:29 --> His disciples said unto him, Lo, now speakest thou plainly, and speakest no proverb. 

John 16:30 --> Now are we sure that thou knowest all things, and needest not that any man should ask