 thee: by this we believe that thou camest forth from God. 

John 16:31 --> Jesus answered them, Do ye now believe? 

John 16:32 --> Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet I am not alone, because the Father is with me. 

John 16:33 --> These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world. 

John 17:1 --> These words spake Jesus, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and said, Father, the hour is come; glorify thy Son, that thy Son also may glorify thee: 

John 17:2 --> As thou hast given him power over all flesh, that he should give eternal life to as many as thou hast given him. 

John 17:3 --> And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. 

John 17:4 --> I have glorified thee on the earth: I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do. 

John 17:5 --> And now, O Father, glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which I had with thee before the world was. 

John 17:6 --> I have manifested thy name unto the men which thou gavest me out of the world: thine they were, and thou gavest them me; and they have kept thy word. 

John 17:7 --> Now they have known that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are of thee. 

John 17:8 --> For I have given unto them the words which thou gavest me; and they have received them, and have known surely that I came out from thee, and they have believed that thou didst send me. 

John 17:9 --> I pray for them: I pray not for the world, but for them which thou hast given me; for they are thine. 

John 17:10 --> And all mine are thine, and thine are mine; and I am glorified in them. 

John 17:11 --> And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world, and I come to thee. Holy Father, keep through thine own name those whom thou hast given me, that they may be one, as we are. 

John 17:12 --> While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name: those that thou gavest me I have kept, and none of them is lost, but the son of perdition; that the scripture might be fulfilled. 

John 17:13 --> And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves. 

John 17:14 --> I have given them thy word; and the world hath hated them, because they are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. 

John 17:15 --> I pray not that thou shouldest take them out of the world, but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil. 

John 17:16 --> They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world. 

John 17:17 --> Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth. 

John 17:18 --> As thou hast sent me into the world, even so have I also sent them into the world. 

John 17:19 --> And for their sakes I