 sanctify myself, that they also might be sanctified through the truth. 

John 17:20 --> Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word; 

John 17:21 --> That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. 

John 17:22 --> And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one: 

John 17:23 --> I in them, and thou in me, that they may be made perfect in one; and that the world may know that thou hast sent me, and hast loved them, as thou hast loved me. 

John 17:24 --> Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast given me, be with me where I am; that they may behold my glory, which thou hast given me: for thou lovedst me before the foundation of the world. 

John 17:25 --> O righteous Father, the world hath not known thee: but I have known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me. 

John 17:26 --> And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it: that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them. 

John 18:1 --> When Jesus had spoken these words, he went forth with his disciples over the brook Cedron, where was a garden, into the which he entered, and his disciples. 

John 18:2 --> And Judas also, which betrayed him, knew the place: for Jesus ofttimes resorted thither with his disciples. 

John 18:3 --> Judas then, having received a band of men and officers from the chief priests and Pharisees, cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons. 

John 18:4 --> Jesus therefore, knowing all things that should come upon him, went forth, and said unto them, Whom seek ye? 

John 18:5 --> They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus saith unto them, I am he. And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them. 

John 18:6 --> As soon then as he had said unto them, I am he, they went backward, and fell to the ground. 

John 18:7 --> Then asked he them again, Whom seek ye? And they said, Jesus of Nazareth. 

John 18:8 --> Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye seek me, let these go their way: 

John 18:9 --> That the saying might be fulfilled, which he spake, Of them which thou gavest me have I lost none. 

John 18:10 --> Then Simon Peter having a sword drew it, and smote the high priest's servant, and cut off his right ear. The servant's name was Malchus. 

John 18:11 --> Then said Jesus unto Peter, Put up thy sword into the sheath: the cup which my Father hath given me, shall I not drink it? 

John 18:12 --> Then the band and the captain and officers of the Jews took Jesus, and bound him, 

John 18:13 --> And led him away to Annas first; for he was father in law to Caiaphas, which was the high priest that same year. 

John 18:14 --> Now Caiaphas was he, which gave counsel to the Jews, that it was expe