Thine own nation and the chief priests have delivered thee unto me: what hast thou done? 

John 18:36 --> Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence. 

John 18:37 --> Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice. 

John 18:38 --> Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all. 

John 18:39 --> But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews? 

John 18:40 --> Then cried they all again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas. Now Barabbas was a robber. 

John 19:1 --> Then Pilate therefore took Jesus, and scourged him. 

John 19:2 --> And the soldiers platted a crown of thorns, and put it on his head, and they put on him a purple robe, 

John 19:3 --> And said, Hail, King of the Jews! and they smote him with their hands. 

John 19:4 --> Pilate therefore went forth again, and saith unto them, Behold, I bring him forth to you, that ye may know that I find no fault in him. 

John 19:5 --> Then came Jesus forth, wearing the crown of thorns, and the purple robe. And Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man! 

John 19:6 --> When the chief priests therefore and officers saw him, they cried out, saying, Crucify him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Take ye him, and crucify him: for I find no fault in him. 

John 19:7 --> The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God. 

John 19:8 --> When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he was the more afraid; 

John 19:9 --> And went again into the judgment hall, and saith unto Jesus, Whence art thou? But Jesus gave him no answer. 

John 19:10 --> Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee? 

John 19:11 --> Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above: therefore he that delivered me unto thee hath the greater sin. 

John 19:12 --> And from thenceforth Pilate sought to release him: but the Jews cried out, saying, If thou let this man go, thou art not Caesar's friend: whosoever maketh himself a king speaketh against Caesar. 

John 19:13 --> When Pilate therefore heard that saying, he brought Jesus forth, and sat down in the judgment seat in a place that is called the Pavement, but in the Hebrew, Gabbatha. 

John 19:14 --> And it was the preparation of the passover, and abo