ut the sixth hour: and he saith unto the Jews, Behold your King! 

John 19:15 --> But they cried out, Away with him, away with him, crucify him. Pilate saith unto them, Shall I crucify your King? The chief priests answered, We have no king but Caesar. 

John 19:16 --> Then delivered he him therefore unto them to be crucified. And they took Jesus, and led him away. 

John 19:17 --> And he bearing his cross went forth into a place called the place of a skull, which is called in the Hebrew Golgotha: 

John 19:18 --> Where they crucified him, and two other with him, on either side one, and Jesus in the midst. 

John 19:19 --> And Pilate wrote a title, and put it on the cross. And the writing was JESUS OF NAZARETH THE KING OF THE JEWS. 

John 19:20 --> This title then read many of the Jews: for the place where Jesus was crucified was nigh to the city: and it was written in Hebrew, and Greek, and Latin. 

John 19:21 --> Then said the chief priests of the Jews to Pilate, Write not, The King of the Jews; but that he said, I am King of the Jews. 

John 19:22 --> Pilate answered, What I have written I have written. 

John 19:23 --> Then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, took his garments, and made four parts, to every soldier a part; and also his coat: now the coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout. 

John 19:24 --> They said therefore among themselves, Let us not rend it, but cast lots for it, whose it shall be: that the scripture might be fulfilled, which saith, They parted my raiment among them, and for my vesture they did cast lots. These things therefore the soldiers did. 

John 19:25 --> Now there stood by the cross of Jesus his mother, and his mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene. 

John 19:26 --> When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son! 

John 19:27 --> Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home. 

John 19:28 --> After this, Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished, that the scripture might be fulfilled, saith, I thirst. 

John 19:29 --> Now there was set a vessel full of vinegar: and they filled a spunge with vinegar, and put it upon hyssop, and put it to his mouth. 

John 19:30 --> When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost. 

John 19:31 --> The Jews therefore, because it was the preparation, that the bodies should not remain upon the cross on the sabbath day, (for that sabbath day was an high day,) besought Pilate that their legs might be broken, and that they might be taken away. 

John 19:32 --> Then came the soldiers, and brake the legs of the first, and of the other which was crucified with him. 

John 19:33 --> But when they came to Jesus, and saw that he