 was dead already, they brake not his legs: 

John 19:34 --> But one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side, and forthwith came there out blood and water. 

John 19:35 --> And he that saw it bare record, and his record is true: and he knoweth that he saith true, that ye might believe. 

John 19:36 --> For these things were done, that the scripture should be fulfilled, A bone of him shall not be broken. 

John 19:37 --> And again another scripture saith, They shall look on him whom they pierced. 

John 19:38 --> And after this Joseph of Arimathaea, being a disciple of Jesus, but secretly for fear of the Jews, besought Pilate that he might take away the body of Jesus: and Pilate gave him leave. He came therefore, and took the body of Jesus. 

John 19:39 --> And there came also Nicodemus, which at the first came to Jesus by night, and brought a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about an hundred pound weight. 

John 19:40 --> Then took they the body of Jesus, and wound it in linen clothes with the spices, as the manner of the Jews is to bury. 

John 19:41 --> Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden; and in the garden a new sepulchre, wherein was never man yet laid. 

John 19:42 --> There laid they Jesus therefore because of the Jews' preparation day; for the sepulchre was nigh at hand. 

John 2:1 --> And the third day there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee; and the mother of Jesus was there: 

John 2:2 --> And both Jesus was called, and his disciples, to the marriage. 

John 2:3 --> And when they wanted wine, the mother of Jesus saith unto him, They have no wine. 

John 2:4 --> Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come. 

John 2:5 --> His mother saith unto the servants, Whatsoever he saith unto you, do it. 

John 2:6 --> And there were set there six waterpots of stone, after the manner of the purifying of the Jews, containing two or three firkins apiece. 

John 2:7 --> Jesus saith unto them, Fill the waterpots with water. And they filled them up to the brim. 

John 2:8 --> And he saith unto them, Draw out now, and bear unto the governor of the feast. And they bare it. 

John 2:9 --> When the ruler of the feast had tasted the water that was made wine, and knew not whence it was: (but the servants which drew the water knew;) the governor of the feast called the bridegroom, 

John 2:10 --> And saith unto him, Every man at the beginning doth set forth good wine; and when men have well drunk, then that which is worse: but thou hast kept the good wine until now. 

John 2:11 --> This beginning of miracles did Jesus in Cana of Galilee, and manifested forth his glory; and his disciples believed on him. 

John 2:12 --> After this he went down to Capernaum, he, and his mother, and his brethren, and his disciples: and they continued there not many days. 

John 2:13 --> And the Jews' passover was at han