d, and Jesus went up to Jerusalem. 

John 2:14 --> And found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves, and the changers of money sitting: 

John 2:15 --> And when he had made a scourge of small cords, he drove them all out of the temple, and the sheep, and the oxen; and poured out the changers' money, and overthrew the tables; 

John 2:16 --> And said unto them that sold doves, Take these things hence; make not my Father's house an house of merchandise. 

John 2:17 --> And his disciples remembered that it was written, The zeal of thine house hath eaten me up. 

John 2:18 --> Then answered the Jews and said unto him, What sign shewest thou unto us, seeing that thou doest these things? 

John 2:19 --> Jesus answered and said unto them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up. 

John 2:20 --> Then said the Jews, Forty and six years was this temple in building, and wilt thou rear it up in three days? 

John 2:21 --> But he spake of the temple of his body. 

John 2:22 --> When therefore he was risen from the dead, his disciples remembered that he had said this unto them; and they believed the scripture, and the word which Jesus had said. 

John 2:23 --> Now when he was in Jerusalem at the passover, in the feast day, many believed in his name, when they saw the miracles which he did. 

John 2:24 --> But Jesus did not commit himself unto them, because he knew all men, 

John 2:25 --> And needed not that any should testify of man: for he knew what was in man. 

John 20:1 --> The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early, when it was yet dark, unto the sepulchre, and seeth the stone taken away from the sepulchre. 

John 20:2 --> Then she runneth, and cometh to Simon Peter, and to the other disciple, whom Jesus loved, and saith unto them, They have taken away the LORD out of the sepulchre, and we know not where they have laid him. 

John 20:3 --> Peter therefore went forth, and that other disciple, and came to the sepulchre. 

John 20:4 --> So they ran both together: and the other disciple did outrun Peter, and came first to the sepulchre. 

John 20:5 --> And he stooping down, and looking in, saw the linen clothes lying; yet went he not in. 

John 20:6 --> Then cometh Simon Peter following him, and went into the sepulchre, and seeth the linen clothes lie, 

John 20:7 --> And the napkin, that was about his head, not lying with the linen clothes, but wrapped together in a place by itself. 

John 20:8 --> Then went in also that other disciple, which came first to the sepulchre, and he saw, and believed. 

John 20:9 --> For as yet they knew not the scripture, that he must rise again from the dead. 

John 20:10 --> Then the disciples went away again unto their own home. 

John 20:11 --> But Mary stood without at the sepulchre weeping: and as she wept, she stooped down, and looked into the sepulchre, 

John 20:12 --> And see