his book: 

John 20:31 --> But these are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name. 

John 21:1 --> After these things Jesus shewed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias; and on this wise shewed he himself. 

John 21:2 --> There were together Simon Peter, and Thomas called Didymus, and Nathanael of Cana in Galilee, and the sons of Zebedee, and two other of his disciples. 

John 21:3 --> Simon Peter saith unto them, I go a fishing. They say unto him, We also go with thee. They went forth, and entered into a ship immediately; and that night they caught nothing. 

John 21:4 --> But when the morning was now come, Jesus stood on the shore: but the disciples knew not that it was Jesus. 

John 21:5 --> Then Jesus saith unto them, Children, have ye any meat? They answered him, No. 

John 21:6 --> And he said unto them, Cast the net on the right side of the ship, and ye shall find. They cast therefore, and now they were not able to draw it for the multitude of fishes. 

John 21:7 --> Therefore that disciple whom Jesus loved saith unto Peter, It is the Lord. Now when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord, he girt his fisher's coat unto him, (for he was naked,) and did cast himself into the sea. 

John 21:8 --> And the other disciples came in a little ship; (for they were not far from land, but as it were two hundred cubits,) dragging the net with fishes. 

John 21:9 --> As soon then as they were come to land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid thereon, and bread. 

John 21:10 --> Jesus saith unto them, Bring of the fish which ye have now caught. 

John 21:11 --> Simon Peter went up, and drew the net to land full of great fishes, an hundred and fifty and three: and for all there were so many, yet was not the net broken. 

John 21:12 --> Jesus saith unto them, Come and dine. And none of the disciples durst ask him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord. 

John 21:13 --> Jesus then cometh, and taketh bread, and giveth them, and fish likewise. 

John 21:14 --> This is now the third time that Jesus shewed himself to his disciples, after that he was risen from the dead. 

John 21:15 --> So when they had dined, Jesus saith to Simon Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me more than these? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my lambs. 

John 21:16 --> He saith to him again the second time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? He saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I love thee. He saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 

John 21:17 --> He saith unto him the third time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? Peter was grieved because he said unto him the third time, Lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things; thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep. 
