
John 21:18 --> Verily, verily, I say unto thee, When thou wast young, thou girdest thyself, and walkedst whither thou wouldest: but when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hands, and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not. 

John 21:19 --> This spake he, signifying by what death he should glorify God. And when he had spoken this, he saith unto him, Follow me. 

John 21:20 --> Then Peter, turning about, seeth the disciple whom Jesus loved following; which also leaned on his breast at supper, and said, Lord, which is he that betrayeth thee? 

John 21:21 --> Peter seeing him saith to Jesus, Lord, and what shall this man do? 

John 21:22 --> Jesus saith unto him, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? follow thou me. 

John 21:23 --> Then went this saying abroad among the brethren, that that disciple should not die: yet Jesus said not unto him, He shall not die; but, If I will that he tarry till I come, what is that to thee? 

John 21:24 --> This is the disciple which testifieth of these things, and wrote these things: and we know that his testimony is true. 

John 21:25 --> And there are also many other things which Jesus did, the which, if they should be written every one, I suppose that even the world itself could not contain the books that should be written. Amen. 

John 3:1 --> There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews: 

John 3:2 --> The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him. 

John 3:3 --> Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. 

John 3:4 --> Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born? 

John 3:5 --> Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. 

John 3:6 --> That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. 

John 3:7 --> Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again. 

John 3:8 --> The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound thereof, but canst not tell whence it cometh, and whither it goeth: so is every one that is born of the Spirit. 

John 3:9 --> Nicodemus answered and said unto him, How can these things be? 

John 3:10 --> Jesus answered and said unto him, Art thou a master of Israel, and knowest not these things? 

John 3:11 --> Verily, verily, I say unto thee, We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness. 

John 3:12 --> If I have told you earthly things, and ye believe not, how shall ye believe, if I tell you of heavenly things? 

John 3:13