Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him. 

John 4:1 --> When therefore the LORD knew how the Pharisees had heard that Jesus made and baptized more disciples than John, 

John 4:2 --> (Though Jesus himself baptized not, but his disciples,) 

John 4:3 --> He left Judaea, and departed again into Galilee. 

John 4:4 --> And he must needs go through Samaria. 

John 4:5 --> Then cometh he to a city of Samaria, which is called Sychar, near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph. 

John 4:6 --> Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with his journey, sat thus on the well: and it was about the sixth hour. 

John 4:7 --> There cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, Give me to drink. 

John 4:8 --> (For his disciples were gone away unto the city to buy meat.) 

John 4:9 --> Then saith the woman of Samaria unto him, How is it that thou, being a Jew, askest drink of me, which am a woman of Samaria? for the Jews have no dealings with the Samaritans. 

John 4:10 --> Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water. 

John 4:11 --> The woman saith unto him, Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep: from whence then hast thou that living water? 

John 4:12 --> Art thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank thereof himself, and his children, and his cattle? 

John 4:13 --> Jesus answered and said unto her, Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again: 

John 4:14 --> But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. 

John 4:15 --> The woman saith unto him, Sir, give me this water, that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw. 

John 4:16 --> Jesus saith unto her, Go, call thy husband, and come hither. 

John 4:17 --> The woman answered and said, I have no husband. Jesus said unto her, Thou hast well said, I have no husband: 

John 4:18 --> For thou hast had five husbands; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband: in that saidst thou truly. 

John 4:19 --> The woman saith unto him, Sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet. 

John 4:20 --> Our fathers worshipped in this mountain; and ye say, that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship. 

John 4:21 --> Jesus saith unto her, Woman, believe me, the hour cometh, when ye shall neither in this mountain, nor yet at Jerusalem, worship the Father. 

John 4:22 --> Ye worship ye know not what: we know what we worship: for salvation is of the Jews. 

John 4:23 --> But the hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshippers shall worship the Father in s