pirit and in truth: for the Father seeketh such to worship him. 

John 4:24 --> God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. 

John 4:25 --> The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things. 

John 4:26 --> Jesus saith unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. 

John 4:27 --> And upon this came his disciples, and marvelled that he talked with the woman: yet no man said, What seekest thou? or, Why talkest thou with her? 

John 4:28 --> The woman then left her waterpot, and went her way into the city, and saith to the men, 

John 4:29 --> Come, see a man, which told me all things that ever I did: is not this the Christ? 

John 4:30 --> Then they went out of the city, and came unto him. 

John 4:31 --> In the mean while his disciples prayed him, saying, Master, eat. 

John 4:32 --> But he said unto them, I have meat to eat that ye know not of. 

John 4:33 --> Therefore said the disciples one to another, Hath any man brought him ought to eat? 

John 4:34 --> Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work. 

John 4:35 --> Say not ye, There are yet four months, and then cometh harvest? behold, I say unto you, Lift up your eyes, and look on the fields; for they are white already to harvest. 

John 4:36 --> And he that reapeth receiveth wages, and gathereth fruit unto life eternal: that both he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together. 

John 4:37 --> And herein is that saying true, One soweth, and another reapeth. 

John 4:38 --> I sent you to reap that whereon ye bestowed no labour: other men laboured, and ye are entered into their labours. 

John 4:39 --> And many of the Samaritans of that city believed on him for the saying of the woman, which testified, He told me all that ever I did. 

John 4:40 --> So when the Samaritans were come unto him, they besought him that he would tarry with them: and he abode there two days. 

John 4:41 --> And many more believed because of his own word; 

John 4:42 --> And said unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have heard him ourselves, and know that this is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world. 

John 4:43 --> Now after two days he departed thence, and went into Galilee. 

John 4:44 --> For Jesus himself testified, that a prophet hath no honour in his own country. 

John 4:45 --> Then when he was come into Galilee, the Galilaeans received him, having seen all the things that he did at Jerusalem at the feast: for they also went unto the feast. 

John 4:46 --> So Jesus came again into Cana of Galilee, where he made the water wine. And there was a certain nobleman, whose son was sick at Capernaum. 

John 4:47 --> When he heard that Jesus was come out of Judaea into Galilee, he went unto him, and besought him that he would