 come down, and heal his son: for he was at the point of death. 

John 4:48 --> Then said Jesus unto him, Except ye see signs and wonders, ye will not believe. 

John 4:49 --> The nobleman saith unto him, Sir, come down ere my child die. 

John 4:50 --> Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man believed the word that Jesus had spoken unto him, and he went his way. 

John 4:51 --> And as he was now going down, his servants met him, and told him, saying, Thy son liveth. 

John 4:52 --> Then enquired he of them the hour when he began to amend. And they said unto him, Yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him. 

John 4:53 --> So the father knew that it was at the same hour, in the which Jesus said unto him, Thy son liveth: and himself believed, and his whole house. 

John 4:54 --> This is again the second miracle that Jesus did, when he was come out of Judaea into Galilee. 

John 5:1 --> After this there was a feast of the Jews; and Jesus went up to Jerusalem. 

John 5:2 --> Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool, which is called in the Hebrew tongue Bethesda, having five porches. 

John 5:3 --> In these lay a great multitude of impotent folk, of blind, halt, withered, waiting for the moving of the water. 

John 5:4 --> For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water: whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. 

John 5:5 --> And a certain man was there, which had an infirmity thirty and eight years. 

John 5:6 --> When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, Wilt thou be made whole? 

John 5:7 --> The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me. 

John 5:8 --> Jesus saith unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk. 

John 5:9 --> And immediately the man was made whole, and took up his bed, and walked: and on the same day was the sabbath. 

John 5:10 --> The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, It is the sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed. 

John 5:11 --> He answered them, He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk. 

John 5:12 --> Then asked they him, What man is that which said unto thee, Take up thy bed, and walk? 

John 5:13 --> And he that was healed wist not who it was: for Jesus had conveyed himself away, a multitude being in that place. 

John 5:14 --> Afterward Jesus findeth him in the temple, and said unto him, Behold, thou art made whole: sin no more, lest a worse thing come unto thee. 

John 5:15 --> The man departed, and told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole. 

John 5:16 --> And therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done the