se things on the sabbath day. 

John 5:17 --> But Jesus answered them, My Father worketh hitherto, and I work. 

John 5:18 --> Therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him, because he not only had broken the sabbath, but said also that God was his Father, making himself equal with God. 

John 5:19 --> Then answered Jesus and said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of himself, but what he seeth the Father do: for what things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son likewise. 

John 5:20 --> For the Father loveth the Son, and sheweth him all things that himself doeth: and he will shew him greater works than these, that ye may marvel. 

John 5:21 --> For as the Father raiseth up the dead, and quickeneth them; even so the Son quickeneth whom he will. 

John 5:22 --> For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son: 

John 5:23 --> That all men should honour the Son, even as they honour the Father. He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father which hath sent him. 

John 5:24 --> Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life. 

John 5:25 --> Verily, verily, I say unto you, The hour is coming, and now is, when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God: and they that hear shall live. 

John 5:26 --> For as the Father hath life in himself; so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself; 

John 5:27 --> And hath given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of man. 

John 5:28 --> Marvel not at this: for the hour is coming, in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice, 

John 5:29 --> And shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the resurrection of life; and they that have done evil, unto the resurrection of damnation. 

John 5:30 --> I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me. 

John 5:31 --> If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. 

John 5:32 --> There is another that beareth witness of me; and I know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true. 

John 5:33 --> Ye sent unto John, and he bare witness unto the truth. 

John 5:34 --> But I receive not testimony from man: but these things I say, that ye might be saved. 

John 5:35 --> He was a burning and a shining light: and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light. 

John 5:36 --> But I have greater witness than that of John: for the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do, bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me. 

John 5:37 --> And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his 