shape. 

John 5:38 --> And ye have not his word abiding in you: for whom he hath sent, him ye believe not. 

John 5:39 --> Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have eternal life: and they are they which testify of me. 

John 5:40 --> And ye will not come to me, that ye might have life. 

John 5:41 --> I receive not honour from men. 

John 5:42 --> But I know you, that ye have not the love of God in you. 

John 5:43 --> I am come in my Father's name, and ye receive me not: if another shall come in his own name, him ye will receive. 

John 5:44 --> How can ye believe, which receive honour one of another, and seek not the honour that cometh from God only? 

John 5:45 --> Do not think that I will accuse you to the Father: there is one that accuseth you, even Moses, in whom ye trust. 

John 5:46 --> For had ye believed Moses, ye would have believed me; for he wrote of me. 

John 5:47 --> But if ye believe not his writings, how shall ye believe my words? 

John 6:1 --> After these things Jesus went over the sea of Galilee, which is the sea of Tiberias. 

John 6:2 --> And a great multitude followed him, because they saw his miracles which he did on them that were diseased. 

John 6:3 --> And Jesus went up into a mountain, and there he sat with his disciples. 

John 6:4 --> And the passover, a feast of the Jews, was nigh. 

John 6:5 --> When Jesus then lifted up his eyes, and saw a great company come unto him, he saith unto Philip, Whence shall we buy bread, that these may eat? 

John 6:6 --> And this he said to prove him: for he himself knew what he would do. 

John 6:7 --> Philip answered him, Two hundred pennyworth of bread is not sufficient for them, that every one of them may take a little. 

John 6:8 --> One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, saith unto him, 

John 6:9 --> There is a lad here, which hath five barley loaves, and two small fishes: but what are they among so many? 

John 6:10 --> And Jesus said, Make the men sit down. Now there was much grass in the place. So the men sat down, in number about five thousand. 

John 6:11 --> And Jesus took the loaves; and when he had given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to them that were set down; and likewise of the fishes as much as they would. 

John 6:12 --> When they were filled, he said unto his disciples, Gather up the fragments that remain, that nothing be lost. 

John 6:13 --> Therefore they gathered them together, and filled twelve baskets with the fragments of the five barley loaves, which remained over and above unto them that had eaten. 

John 6:14 --> Then those men, when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world. 

John 6:15 --> When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone. 