

John 6:16 --> And when even was now come, his disciples went down unto the sea, 

John 6:17 --> And entered into a ship, and went over the sea toward Capernaum. And it was now dark, and Jesus was not come to them. 

John 6:18 --> And the sea arose by reason of a great wind that blew. 

John 6:19 --> So when they had rowed about five and twenty or thirty furlongs, they see Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing nigh unto the ship: and they were afraid. 

John 6:20 --> But he saith unto them, It is I; be not afraid. 

John 6:21 --> Then they willingly received him into the ship: and immediately the ship was at the land whither they went. 

John 6:22 --> The day following, when the people which stood on the other side of the sea saw that there was none other boat there, save that one whereinto his disciples were entered, and that Jesus went not with his disciples into the boat, but that his disciples were gone away alone; 

John 6:23 --> (Howbeit there came other boats from Tiberias nigh unto the place where they did eat bread, after that the Lord had given thanks:) 

John 6:24 --> When the people therefore saw that Jesus was not there, neither his disciples, they also took shipping, and came to Capernaum, seeking for Jesus. 

John 6:25 --> And when they had found him on the other side of the sea, they said unto him, Rabbi, when camest thou hither? 

John 6:26 --> Jesus answered them and said, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye seek me, not because ye saw the miracles, but because ye did eat of the loaves, and were filled. 

John 6:27 --> Labour not for the meat which perisheth, but for that meat which endureth unto everlasting life, which the Son of man shall give unto you: for him hath God the Father sealed. 

John 6:28 --> Then said they unto him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God? 

John 6:29 --> Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on him whom he hath sent. 

John 6:30 --> They said therefore unto him, What sign shewest thou then, that we may see, and believe thee? what dost thou work? 

John 6:31 --> Our fathers did eat manna in the desert; as it is written, He gave them bread from heaven to eat. 

John 6:32 --> Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven; but my Father giveth you the true bread from heaven. 

John 6:33 --> For the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven, and giveth life unto the world. 

John 6:34 --> Then said they unto him, Lord, evermore give us this bread. 

John 6:35 --> And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst. 

John 6:36 --> But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not. 

John 6:37 --> All that the Father giveth me shall come to me; and him that cometh to me I will in no wise cast o