ut. 

John 6:38 --> For I came down from heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of him that sent me. 

John 6:39 --> And this is the Father's will which hath sent me, that of all which he hath given me I should lose nothing, but should raise it up again at the last day. 

John 6:40 --> And this is the will of him that sent me, that every one which seeth the Son, and believeth on him, may have everlasting life: and I will raise him up at the last day. 

John 6:41 --> The Jews then murmured at him, because he said, I am the bread which came down from heaven. 

John 6:42 --> And they said, Is not this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? how is it then that he saith, I came down from heaven? 

John 6:43 --> Jesus therefore answered and said unto them, Murmur not among yourselves. 

John 6:44 --> No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him: and I will raise him up at the last day. 

John 6:45 --> It is written in the prophets, And they shall be all taught of God. Every man therefore that hath heard, and hath learned of the Father, cometh unto me. 

John 6:46 --> Not that any man hath seen the Father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father. 

John 6:47 --> Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me hath everlasting life. 

John 6:48 --> I am that bread of life. 

John 6:49 --> Your fathers did eat manna in the wilderness, and are dead. 

John 6:50 --> This is the bread which cometh down from heaven, that a man may eat thereof, and not die. 

John 6:51 --> I am the living bread which came down from heaven: if any man eat of this bread, he shall live for ever: and the bread that I will give is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world. 

John 6:52 --> The Jews therefore strove among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat? 

John 6:53 --> Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you. 

John 6:54 --> Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day. 

John 6:55 --> For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. 

John 6:56 --> He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him. 

John 6:57 --> As the living Father hath sent me, and I live by the Father: so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me. 

John 6:58 --> This is that bread which came down from heaven: not as your fathers did eat manna, and are dead: he that eateth of this bread shall live for ever. 

John 6:59 --> These things said he in the synagogue, as he taught in Capernaum. 

John 6:60 --> Many therefore of his disciples, when they had heard this, said, This is an hard saying; who can hear it? 

John 6:61 --> When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples murmured at it, he said unto them, 