Doth this offend you? 

John 6:62 --> What and if ye shall see the Son of man ascend up where he was before? 

John 6:63 --> It is the spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life. 

John 6:64 --> But there are some of you that believe not. For Jesus knew from the beginning who they were that believed not, and who should betray him. 

John 6:65 --> And he said, Therefore said I unto you, that no man can come unto me, except it were given unto him of my Father. 

John 6:66 --> From that time many of his disciples went back, and walked no more with him. 

John 6:67 --> Then said Jesus unto the twelve, Will ye also go away? 

John 6:68 --> Then Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life. 

John 6:69 --> And we believe and are sure that thou art that Christ, the Son of the living God. 

John 6:70 --> Jesus answered them, Have not I chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil? 

John 6:71 --> He spake of Judas Iscariot the son of Simon: for he it was that should betray him, being one of the twelve. 

John 7:1 --> After these things Jesus walked in Galilee: for he would not walk in Jewry, because the Jews sought to kill him. 

John 7:2 --> Now the Jew's feast of tabernacles was at hand. 

John 7:3 --> His brethren therefore said unto him, Depart hence, and go into Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest. 

John 7:4 --> For there is no man that doeth any thing in secret, and he himself seeketh to be known openly. If thou do these things, shew thyself to the world. 

John 7:5 --> For neither did his brethren believe in him. 

John 7:6 --> Then Jesus said unto them, My time is not yet come: but your time is alway ready. 

John 7:7 --> The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of it, that the works thereof are evil. 

John 7:8 --> Go ye up unto this feast: I go not up yet unto this feast: for my time is not yet full come. 

John 7:9 --> When he had said these words unto them, he abode still in Galilee. 

John 7:10 --> But when his brethren were gone up, then went he also up unto the feast, not openly, but as it were in secret. 

John 7:11 --> Then the Jews sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he? 

John 7:12 --> And there was much murmuring among the people concerning him: for some said, He is a good man: others said, Nay; but he deceiveth the people. 

John 7:13 --> Howbeit no man spake openly of him for fear of the Jews. 

John 7:14 --> Now about the midst of the feast Jesus went up into the temple, and taught. 

John 7:15 --> And the Jews marvelled, saying, How knoweth this man letters, having never learned? 

John 7:16 --> Jesus answered them, and said, My doctrine is not mine, but his that sent me. 

John 7:17 --> If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whethe