r it be of God, or whether I speak of myself. 

John 7:18 --> He that speaketh of himself seeketh his own glory: but he that seeketh his glory that sent him, the same is true, and no unrighteousness is in him. 

John 7:19 --> Did not Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keepeth the law? Why go ye about to kill me? 

John 7:20 --> The people answered and said, Thou hast a devil: who goeth about to kill thee? 

John 7:21 --> Jesus answered and said unto them, I have done one work, and ye all marvel. 

John 7:22 --> Moses therefore gave unto you circumcision; (not because it is of Moses, but of the fathers;) and ye on the sabbath day circumcise a man. 

John 7:23 --> If a man on the sabbath day receive circumcision, that the law of Moses should not be broken; are ye angry at me, because I have made a man every whit whole on the sabbath day? 

John 7:24 --> Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment. 

John 7:25 --> Then said some of them of Jerusalem, Is not this he, whom they seek to kill? 

John 7:26 --> But, lo, he speaketh boldly, and they say nothing unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ? 

John 7:27 --> Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is. 

John 7:28 --> Then cried Jesus in the temple as he taught, saying, Ye both know me, and ye know whence I am: and I am not come of myself, but he that sent me is true, whom ye know not. 

John 7:29 --> But I know him: for I am from him, and he hath sent me. 

John 7:30 --> Then they sought to take him: but no man laid hands on him, because his hour was not yet come. 

John 7:31 --> And many of the people believed on him, and said, When Christ cometh, will he do more miracles than these which this man hath done? 

John 7:32 --> The Pharisees heard that the people murmured such things concerning him; and the Pharisees and the chief priests sent officers to take him. 

John 7:33 --> Then said Jesus unto them, Yet a little while am I with you, and then I go unto him that sent me. 

John 7:34 --> Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come. 

John 7:35 --> Then said the Jews among themselves, Whither will he go, that we shall not find him? will he go unto the dispersed among the Gentiles, and teach the Gentiles? 

John 7:36 --> What manner of saying is this that he said, Ye shall seek me, and shall not find me: and where I am, thither ye cannot come? 

John 7:37 --> In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, If any man thirst, let him come unto me, and drink. 

John 7:38 --> He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. 

John 7:39 --> (But this spake he of the Spirit, which they that believe on him should receive: for the Holy Ghost was not yet given; because that Jesus was 