not yet glorified.) 

John 7:40 --> Many of the people therefore, when they heard this saying, said, Of a truth this is the Prophet. 

John 7:41 --> Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, Shall Christ come out of Galilee? 

John 7:42 --> Hath not the scripture said, That Christ cometh of the seed of David, and out of the town of Bethlehem, where David was? 

John 7:43 --> So there was a division among the people because of him. 

John 7:44 --> And some of them would have taken him; but no man laid hands on him. 

John 7:45 --> Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and they said unto them, Why have ye not brought him? 

John 7:46 --> The officers answered, Never man spake like this man. 

John 7:47 --> Then answered them the Pharisees, Are ye also deceived? 

John 7:48 --> Have any of the rulers or of the Pharisees believed on him? 

John 7:49 --> But this people who knoweth not the law are cursed. 

John 7:50 --> Nicodemus saith unto them, (he that came to Jesus by night, being one of them,) 

John 7:51 --> Doth our law judge any man, before it hear him, and know what he doeth? 

John 7:52 --> They answered and said unto him, Art thou also of Galilee? Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no prophet. 

John 7:53 --> And every man went unto his own house. 

John 8:1 --> Jesus went unto the mount of Olives. 

John 8:2 --> And early in the morning he came again into the temple, and all the people came unto him; and he sat down, and taught them. 

John 8:3 --> And the scribes and Pharisees brought unto him a woman taken in adultery; and when they had set her in the midst, 

John 8:4 --> They say unto him, Master, this woman was taken in adultery, in the very act. 

John 8:5 --> Now Moses in the law commanded us, that such should be stoned: but what sayest thou? 

John 8:6 --> This they said, tempting him, that they might have to accuse him. But Jesus stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground, as though he heard them not. 

John 8:7 --> So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself, and said unto them, He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her. 

John 8:8 --> And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground. 

John 8:9 --> And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst. 

John 8:10 --> When Jesus had lifted up himself, and saw none but the woman, he said unto her, Woman, where are those thine accusers? hath no man condemned thee? 

John 8:11 --> She said, No man, Lord. And Jesus said unto her, Neither do I condemn thee: go, and sin no more. 

John 8:12 --> Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life. 

John 8:13 --> 