The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou bearest record of thyself; thy record is not true. 

John 8:14 --> Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true: for I know whence I came, and whither I go; but ye cannot tell whence I come, and whither I go. 

John 8:15 --> Ye judge after the flesh; I judge no man. 

John 8:16 --> And yet if I judge, my judgment is true: for I am not alone, but I and the Father that sent me. 

John 8:17 --> It is also written in your law, that the testimony of two men is true. 

John 8:18 --> I am one that bear witness of myself, and the Father that sent me beareth witness of me. 

John 8:19 --> Then said they unto him, Where is thy Father? Jesus answered, Ye neither know me, nor my Father: if ye had known me, ye should have known my Father also. 

John 8:20 --> These words spake Jesus in the treasury, as he taught in the temple: and no man laid hands on him; for his hour was not yet come. 

John 8:21 --> Then said Jesus again unto them, I go my way, and ye shall seek me, and shall die in your sins: whither I go, ye cannot come. 

John 8:22 --> Then said the Jews, Will he kill himself? because he saith, Whither I go, ye cannot come. 

John 8:23 --> And he said unto them, Ye are from beneath; I am from above: ye are of this world; I am not of this world. 

John 8:24 --> I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins. 

John 8:25 --> Then said they unto him, Who art thou? And Jesus saith unto them, Even the same that I said unto you from the beginning. 

John 8:26 --> I have many things to say and to judge of you: but he that sent me is true; and I speak to the world those things which I have heard of him. 

John 8:27 --> They understood not that he spake to them of the Father. 

John 8:28 --> Then said Jesus unto them, When ye have lifted up the Son of man, then shall ye know that I am he, and that I do nothing of myself; but as my Father hath taught me, I speak these things. 

John 8:29 --> And he that sent me is with me: the Father hath not left me alone; for I do always those things that please him. 

John 8:30 --> As he spake these words, many believed on him. 

John 8:31 --> Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed; 

John 8:32 --> And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. 

John 8:33 --> They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou, Ye shall be made free? 

John 8:34 --> Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin. 

John 8:35 --> And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son abideth ever. 

John 8:36 --> If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed. 

John 8:37 --> I