 know that ye are Abraham's seed; but ye seek to kill me, because my word hath no place in you. 

John 8:38 --> I speak that which I have seen with my Father: and ye do that which ye have seen with your father. 

John 8:39 --> They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus saith unto them, If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of Abraham. 

John 8:40 --> But now ye seek to kill me, a man that hath told you the truth, which I have heard of God: this did not Abraham. 

John 8:41 --> Ye do the deeds of your father. Then said they to him, We be not born of fornication; we have one Father, even God. 

John 8:42 --> Jesus said unto them, If God were your Father, ye would love me: for I proceeded forth and came from God; neither came I of myself, but he sent me. 

John 8:43 --> Why do ye not understand my speech? even because ye cannot hear my word. 

John 8:44 --> Ye are of your father the devil, and the lusts of your father ye will do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and abode not in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own: for he is a liar, and the father of it. 

John 8:45 --> And because I tell you the truth, ye believe me not. 

John 8:46 --> Which of you convinceth me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do ye not believe me? 

John 8:47 --> He that is of God heareth God's words: ye therefore hear them not, because ye are not of God. 

John 8:48 --> Then answered the Jews, and said unto him, Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan, and hast a devil? 

John 8:49 --> Jesus answered, I have not a devil; but I honour my Father, and ye do dishonour me. 

John 8:50 --> And I seek not mine own glory: there is one that seeketh and judgeth. 

John 8:51 --> Verily, verily, I say unto you, If a man keep my saying, he shall never see death. 

John 8:52 --> Then said the Jews unto him, Now we know that thou hast a devil. Abraham is dead, and the prophets; and thou sayest, If a man keep my saying, he shall never taste of death. 

John 8:53 --> Art thou greater than our father Abraham, which is dead? and the prophets are dead: whom makest thou thyself? 

John 8:54 --> Jesus answered, If I honour myself, my honour is nothing: it is my Father that honoureth me; of whom ye say, that he is your God: 

John 8:55 --> Yet ye have not known him; but I know him: and if I should say, I know him not, I shall be a liar like unto you: but I know him, and keep his saying. 

John 8:56 --> Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad. 

John 8:57 --> Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham? 

John 8:58 --> Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am. 

John 8:59 --> Then took they up stones to cast at him: but Jesus hid himself, and went out of the temple, going through the midst o