f them, and so passed by. 

John 9:1 --> And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth. 

John 9:2 --> And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this man, or his parents, that he was born blind? 

John 9:3 --> Jesus answered, Neither hath this man sinned, nor his parents: but that the works of God should be made manifest in him. 

John 9:4 --> I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work. 

John 9:5 --> As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world. 

John 9:6 --> When he had thus spoken, he spat on the ground, and made clay of the spittle, and he anointed the eyes of the blind man with the clay, 

John 9:7 --> And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by interpretation, Sent.) He went his way therefore, and washed, and came seeing. 

John 9:8 --> The neighbours therefore, and they which before had seen him that he was blind, said, Is not this he that sat and begged? 

John 9:9 --> Some said, This is he: others said, He is like him: but he said, I am he. 

John 9:10 --> Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened? 

John 9:11 --> He answered and said, A man that is called Jesus made clay, and anointed mine eyes, and said unto me, Go to the pool of Siloam, and wash: and I went and washed, and I received sight. 

John 9:12 --> Then said they unto him, Where is he? He said, I know not. 

John 9:13 --> They brought to the Pharisees him that aforetime was blind. 

John 9:14 --> And it was the sabbath day when Jesus made the clay, and opened his eyes. 

John 9:15 --> Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight. He said unto them, He put clay upon mine eyes, and I washed, and do see. 

John 9:16 --> Therefore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the sabbath day. Others said, How can a man that is a sinner do such miracles? And there was a division among them. 

John 9:17 --> They say unto the blind man again, What sayest thou of him, that he hath opened thine eyes? He said, He is a prophet. 

John 9:18 --> But the Jews did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and received his sight, until they called the parents of him that had received his sight. 

John 9:19 --> And they asked them, saying, Is this your son, who ye say was born blind? how then doth he now see? 

John 9:20 --> His parents answered them and said, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind: 

John 9:21 --> But by what means he now seeth, we know not; or who hath opened his eyes, we know not: he is of age; ask him: he shall speak for himself. 

John 9:22 --> These words spake his parents, because they feared the Jews: for the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue. 

John 9:23 --> Therefore said 