his parents, He is of age; ask him. 

John 9:24 --> Then again called they the man that was blind, and said unto him, Give God the praise: we know that this man is a sinner. 

John 9:25 --> He answered and said, Whether he be a sinner or no, I know not: one thing I know, that, whereas I was blind, now I see. 

John 9:26 --> Then said they to him again, What did he to thee? how opened he thine eyes? 

John 9:27 --> He answered them, I have told you already, and ye did not hear: wherefore would ye hear it again? will ye also be his disciples? 

John 9:28 --> Then they reviled him, and said, Thou art his disciple; but we are Moses' disciples. 

John 9:29 --> We know that God spake unto Moses: as for this fellow, we know not from whence he is. 

John 9:30 --> The man answered and said unto them, Why herein is a marvellous thing, that ye know not from whence he is, and yet he hath opened mine eyes. 

John 9:31 --> Now we know that God heareth not sinners: but if any man be a worshipper of God, and doeth his will, him he heareth. 

John 9:32 --> Since the world began was it not heard that any man opened the eyes of one that was born blind. 

John 9:33 --> If this man were not of God, he could do nothing. 

John 9:34 --> They answered and said unto him, Thou wast altogether born in sins, and dost thou teach us? And they cast him out. 

John 9:35 --> Jesus heard that they had cast him out; and when he had found him, he said unto him, Dost thou believe on the Son of God? 

John 9:36 --> He answered and said, Who is he, Lord, that I might believe on him? 

John 9:37 --> And Jesus said unto him, Thou hast both seen him, and it is he that talketh with thee. 

John 9:38 --> And he said, Lord, I believe. And he worshipped him. 

John 9:39 --> And Jesus said, For judgment I am come into this world, that they which see not might see; and that they which see might be made blind. 

John 9:40 --> And some of the Pharisees which were with him heard these words, and said unto him, Are we blind also? 

John 9:41 --> Jesus said unto them, If ye were blind, ye should have no sin: but now ye say, We see; therefore your sin remaineth. 
